DP-5: document tampering detection feature (#14)
certifaction/hinsign-cli: README.md

   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr valign="top">

>    <td>Dispenses

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be "Events" (when looking at the example response?

Author: Changed

         "reference":"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
         "timestamp":"0000-00-00T00:00:00.000000000Z",
         "actor":"pharma1",
         "actor_name":"Pharmacist 1",
         "signature": "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...",
         "hash": "5514842c6c8a86f88fd5f78037c77603ad67532bdd92334112e0ecf89f7742b3",
         "parent_hash": "c2c9350309b99f9867f4c929ac22725cfe8f08719725ff6005d30aa085f4f4f6"
      }
   ]
}
```

##### 4.2.2.1. Tampering detection

> Verification will fail if the system detects that the prescription has been tampered. Here is how we detect tampering, briefly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verification will fail if the system detects that the prescription has been tampered with.
```

Each prescription action (create, cancel, revoke, dispense) is recorded as an event in the event log. Each event is signed with a short-term key pair and the signature is stored in the event's `signature` field in [JSON Web Signature (JWS) format](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7515). The hash of the event, which includes the hash of the preceding event, is stored in the audit log. The first event in a prescription (the `create` event) also stores a hash of the prescription in the `prescription_hash` field, as in

```json
{
    "id": "c41041ec-a413-4ae5-84a1-900a2e8070a2",
    "type": "create",
    "reference": "50bb9198-d2ac-4c49-a0c-6sasa42f301-2024-08-16-1",
    "event_data": {},
    "timestamp": "2024-08-16T13:12:12.677794352Z",
    "actor": "HIN|pharma1",
    "actor_name": "Pharmacist 1",
    "cancellable": false,
    "hash": "aa9f0e8855bc25a5b45b5150e900cdde226ab0cccf31503d4a08783e7d46ec6b",
    "signature": "<snip>",
    "prescription_hash": "0x826ce404e00eddcaacb1019a4f759216cecca4ed9a6a16cc2d16e35d4a9e76bd"
}
```

On verification, we check the following.

> 1. The prescription's signature is valid for the prescription signing public key. This ensures that the QR code/URL data content (CHMED16A1 ePrescription data and signature) have not been modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The prescription's signature is validated against the public key. This ensures that the QR code/URL data content (CHMED16A1 E-Prescription data and signature) have not been modified.
```

> 2. The `create` event's `prescription_hash` field matches the hash of the CHMED16A1 ePrescription data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The `create` event's `prescription_hash` field matches the hash of the CHMED16A1 E-Prescription data.
```

Reviewer: Maybe also add why we do this?

Author: Added in https://github.com/certifaction/hinsign-cli/pull/14/commits/31e5dacf3598b2218c235f850de02a8cd229e196

> 3. The event chain has not been altered. We recalculate the events chain and compare it against both the last event and the audit log.

Reviewer: Also add why we do this.

Author: That is explained in the first sentence. We are checking that the event log has not been altered by recalculating its final hash and comparing it to the audit log's.

> 4. Each event signature is authentic. We check that each event's signing certificate links to a known root certificate authority that we control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Each event signature is authentic. We check that each event's signing certificate links to a known root certificate.
```

Reviewer: Also add why we do this.

Author: Added in https://github.com/certifaction/hinsign-cli/pull/14/commits/31e5dacf3598b2218c235f850de02a8cd229e196

If any of these checks fail, the verification fails.

> NOTE: the tampering checks are currently opt-in. To enable them, set the `ENABLE_EPRESCRIPTION_TAMPERING_CHECKS` environment variable to `true` when running the program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: When we enable it, it should not be opt-in.
